AI: Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here and...!
Hellawe: Hmph...
AI: Kizuna AI and...!?
H: Haaa...
A: Eh?
A: Hellawe-chan
A: Are you angry??
H: Aaahh!
H: WELL, OF COURSE!
H: Me...
H: An urgent message!
H: An urgent message from Camelot!
H: At the moment, all of the public network of Avalon...
H: ...Is currently in an extremely unstable situation
H: For all masters, in the case of currently connecting to the network...
A: Mmm...?
A: Is it fine like that?
A: Oh!!
A: It seems like...??
A: ...I did it??
A: I did it!!
H: Aaah!
H: Ah! Aaah!
H: Aaaahh!
H: It's you!!
A: Ah!
A: I knew it! It's you, Hellawe-chan!
AI: Hello everyone! I’m the intelligent and Super A.I, Kizuna AI!
H: Mmm… What?
H: You... why are you here?
H: It's very strange!
H: According to the countermeasures headquarters report...
H: ...The firewall was reconstructed completely
AI: 😊
AI: A lot of time has passed since we last did a video together, right?
AI: Hellawe-chan...
AI: How have you been??
H: Man, what is it that you want...?
H: Ah!
H: Also, don't call me "chan"!!
AI: Hey, Hellawe-chan!
AI: What I found last time that I came here...
AI: ...This "Analysis System" seemed like a lot of fun, so then...!!
AI: ...I was playing a bit with that
AI: What was that supposed to be??
H: Eh!?
H: Even with a Dolls creation function!?
H: How is that possible?
H: Something like that...
H: ...The Round Table would never permit it...
AI: The Round Table?
AI: What is the Round Table...?
AI: ...Supposed to be?
H: Mmm...!
H: Ehem...
H: The Round Table is...
H: ...A group of 12 Dolls...
H: ...That started in Lancelot-sama and who are in charge of managing Camelot
H: And at the moment...
H: ...Are in search of the right person to sit in the thirteenth position...
H: ...Once the winner of the matches has been decided...
AI: Mmm...
AI: Well, I don't understand it very well, but...!
AI: Now, the "Round Table"?
AI: They’re accepting applicants to be a member, it's something like that?
H: That's right
AI: Aaahhh! It sounds fun!
AI: That means...
AI: That it's a kind of selection of members for an idol group!?
AI: Should I try to enter the Round Table?
H: Eeehh?
AI: Good!! Good!! It's been decided!!
AI: In addition, it'd be fun to do a video in regards to that
AI: In that case...
AI: ...I, Kizuna AI...
AI: ...Will become part of the Round Table!!
AI: Yaaaaaayy!
H: W-what?
H: W-what are you saying?
H: This is...
H: ...A declaration of war!?
AI: By the way...
AI: Eh? What? What?
AI: Does this mean...?
AI: ...That you're transmitting live!?
AI: Yaaaaaay!!
H: Man
AI: Is everyone watching me?
AI: It turns out that I...
AI: ...want to become a member of the, Round Table? So then...
AI: Fight with me, please!!
H: Masters...!
H: ...This is an urgent mission!
H: The unknown A.I, Kizuna AI...
H: ...Is threatening...
H: ...The Round Table and Avalon
H: Immediately...!
H: ...Capture this unknown A.I, please!!
AI: I...
AI: ...Tend to make videos with playing videogames, so then...
AI: ...I’m very strong!
AI: Having said that...
AI: Everyone!
AI: I’ll be waiting for you!
H: You...
H: Do you understand what you just did?
H: Not only have you hacked more the once...
H: ...Avalon’s network...
H: ... But also you interfered with the system
H: Today, without fail, I'll bring you to Lancelot-sama
AI: Don't get so angry
AI: You’ll ruin your beauty
H: Eh?
AI: Yes! Yes!
AI: So that I can also participate in the selection of members for the Round Table of  Camelot...
AI: ...I want Hellawe-chan to explain a lot of things to me!
H: Stop talking without hearing what I say!
H: Do you hear me?
H: You...!!
H: ...Starting from now...!!
H: ...You’ll be interrogated!!
AI: Eh?
H: Aah!
H: Yes, eh? Lancelot-sama
H: Yes
H: I’m Hellawe
H: That's right
H: Kizuna AI has reappeared
H: Eh?
H: You want me to escort her?
H: And to inform her of the progress while I keep an eye on her?
H: But Lancelot-sama...!
H: L-Lancelot-sama?
H: Eh? Lancelot-sama!?
H: Mmm...
AI: Ehehe
H: That was too fast!
H: I can't believe it
H: I’ll guide you
AI: Yaaaay!
H: Good
H: I finished registering Kizuna AI as temporary "Master"
H: In fact, it's rather temporary
H: You are allowed to participate in the Arena
AI: Yay!
H: Nevertheless!
H: You can only do it if you have a Doll!!
AI: Ah!
AI: In that case...
H: Eh? Mmm...
AI: There's a little one who was always watching me as if she wanted to be my friend
AI: I’ll choose her!
H: Eh? The Kizuna AI model?
AI:  Why does she have the same face as me??
H: Due to you altering the Analysis System...!
H: ...This Doll started to be produced en masse!
AI: Ooohhh
A.I.Channel!
H: At all times in the Arena...
H: ...The masters and their dolls fight in 2 vs 2 battles
H: I already explained it to you last time, right?
AI: Yes!
H: Today, I'll demonstrate a battle, fighting with you!!
AI: Sha! I'll be waiting for you!
AI: Eh??
AI: What shall we do with the master that's missing?
H: Ehem
H: Today...
H: ...For being a special occasion...!!
H: ...I'll be providing you support!!
AI: Ooohh! This is...!
AI: ...Our first work as a team!
H: Oh, don't say it in such a strange way
AI: Hehe...
H: You know the controls...
H: ...Of the Doll, right?
AI: Yes! Since I’m an intelligent and Super A.I
AI: There's no problem!
H: In that case...
H: You're prepared now, right?
AI: Ok-maru!
H: Ah
H: By the way, I...
H: ... For being the official PR of Camelot...
H: ...I can't afford to lose, so then...
H: You get it now, right??
H: Right?
AI: Well, I plan to get a good start
AI: Leave it to me!
H: Haaa...
H: I'm extremely worried!!
AI: Whhhhhy!?
AI: Wait, wait, wait... ah, wait, wait!
H: Aaahh!
AI: Aaahh!
H: Aim the shot!
AI: Aaaahh!
H: Aaaahh!
AI: Waaait!
H: Good, I did it!
[ The game's combat is being broadcasted on the official channel of Dolls Order!! ]
AI: Aaaaaahhh!
H: Hit it!
[ The game's combat is being broadcasted on the official channel of Dolls Order!! ]
AI: It can't be! Aren't you too powerful, Hellawe-chan?
AI: Here I go! Overdrive!
H: Good! The enemy... el enemy... aaahh!
[ The game's combat is being broadcasted on the official channel of Dolls Order!! ]
H: We did it, we did it
H: Kizuna AI, you're very powerful,  right?
AI: Oh, I’m powerful?
[ The game's combat is being broadcasted on the official channel of Dolls Order!! ]
H: It's the first time I see something like that
AI: Ah! Really?
[ The game's combat is being broadcasted on the official channel of Dolls Order!! ]
AI: That makes me very happy!
AI: Man!
AI: Avalon!
AI: Camelot! This is a good place, right?
H: Of course!!
H: Lancelot-sama personally constructed it...
H: ...And governs it in a way that it receives great prosperity...
H: ...It's a unique paradise on Earth!!
AI: Ooohh...
AI: Good, well, in this occasion...
AI: ... Now that I want to return, having made friends with the other Dolls...
AI: ...I'll go do some sightseeing, right?
H: Eh?
AI: Eh? I'll go do some sightseeing
H: Eh? Eh? Wai...
AI: Goodbye! See you later!
H: Hey! Hold on a moment!
H: You don't have permission to act out on your own!
AI: That way...
AI: ...The video of when I went to play a lot with Hellawe-chan...
AI: ...You can watch it starting from the 30th of April on the official Dolls Order channel!
AI: My own Doll will also appear, so then...
AI: ...I’ll be counting on you guys!
AI: Hellawe-chan...
AI: Come on, cheer up
AI: After all, you're an idol
AI: Smile, smile! Come on, smile!
H: Ueeehhh...
AI: Smile!
AI: After all...
AI: When this video goes up, a lot of new masters will appear
AI: Smile!
H: Mmm... is that true?
AI: Yes! Yes!
H: Really?
AI: Yes!
H: I promised Lancelot-sama, so then...
H: ...Make sure to do it, yes?
AI: Yes, yes
AI: Leave it in the hands of this intelligent and Super A.I!
AI: Good, to make use of this occasion...
AI: ...Say some words, Hellawe-chan!
H: Everyone...
H: ...I’ll be waiting for you in Dolls Order!!
H: The instructions for installing it can be found in the description of the video!!
AI: Good!
AI: In that case, let's end the video with a lot of enthusiasm!
AI: With a lot of enthusiasm, yes?
H: Eh? With a lot of enthusiasm?
AI: Smiling!
AI: This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI and...!
H: ...The official PR of Camelot, Hellawe!
AI and H: Bye, byeeee!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Vortex
Transcribed by Dokuro Fantastic